Update index.asciidoc (#46)
logstash-plugins/logstash-input-jms: docs/index.asciidoc

Name of the destination queue or topic to use.

> * Note that in some cases, it might be necessary to specify the `destination` in the format `<JMS module name>!<JMS queue name>`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TIP: If the destination setting doesn't appear to be working properly, try this format: `<JMS module name>!<JMS queue name>`.
```

Reviewer: If we're offering alternative formatting suggestions, perhaps we should be clear on what the usual format is.
